Magnifier UI improvement (#20261)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

  * NVDA now includes a built-in Magnifier feature that allows you to zoom and magnify parts of the screen. (#19228, @Boumtchack)
  * The magnifier supports various zoom levels, color filters (normal, grayscale, inverted), and different focus tracking modes.
  * Color filters can help users with visual impairments or light sensitivity by inverting or desaturating screen colors.

>   * A command allows to temporarily show an overview of the entire screen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * A command allows temporarily showing an overview of the entire screen
```
